federation/README.md, before:

# Contributing

All patches and feedback welcome.

# TODO

1. Don't build and distribute a giant docker image with all the build
   artifacts.
   
    a. Build the binaries inside a docker container, copy the binaries
       into a separate distributable docker image built from the same
       base image as the build container and distribute that image.
2. Consider distributing a single image for infrastructure creation
   and federation components deployment.
3. Rename both the package and the container image names of
   `fetch-svc-endpoint` to `init`.
4. Move the `fetch-svc-endpoint` logic to `Go` to make it more testable.
   Also, add tests for it.
5. Convert the `fetch-svc-endpoint` polling logic to API server `watch`
   logic. It is much easier to reason about that way.
6. Move the `fetch-svc-endpoint` code out of the manifests directory.
7. Once `fetch-svc-endpoint` code is moved out of the manifests directory,
   add everything in the manifests directory to the docker image in the
   Dockerfile instead of individually listing the files and directories.

Commit message:

Sample config file fix and TODO additions.

federation/README.md, after:

# Contributing

All patches and feedback welcome.

# List of ideas for improvement.

1. Don't build and distribute a giant docker image with all the build
   artifacts.
   
    a. Build the binaries inside a docker container, copy the binaries
       into a separate distributable docker image built from the same
       base image as the build container and distribute that image.
2. Consider distributing a single image for infrastructure creation
   and federation components deployment.
3. Rename both the package and the container image names of
   `fetch-svc-endpoint` to `init`.
4. Move the `fetch-svc-endpoint` logic to `Go` to make it more testable.
   Also, add tests for it.
5. Convert the `fetch-svc-endpoint` polling logic to API server `watch`
   logic. It is much easier to reason about that way.
6. Move the `fetch-svc-endpoint` code out of the manifests directory.
7. Once `fetch-svc-endpoint` code is moved out of the manifests directory,
   add everything in the manifests directory to the docker image in the
   Dockerfile instead of individually listing the files and directories.
8. We arbitrarily make the first cluster in config.json the federation
   bootstrap cluster. Make this a config.json variable and read the value
   from there.
